Adds example timeline in docs for alerting for (#14143)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/rules.md

If an alert rule has a configured `For` and the query violates the configured threshold it will first go from `OK` to `Pending`. Going from `OK` to `Pending` Grafana will not send any notifications. Once the alert rule has been firing for more than `For` duration, it will change to `Alerting` and send alert notifications. 

> Typically, it's always a good idea to use this setting since its often worse to get false positive than wait a few minutes before the alert notification triggers. Looking at the `Alert list` or `Alert list panels` you will be able to see alert in pending state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, it's always a good idea to use this setting since it's often worse to get false positive than wait a few minutes before the alert notification triggers. Looking at the `Alert list` or `Alert list panels` you will be able to see alerts in pending state. 
```

> Below you can see an example timeline of an alert using the `For` setting. At ~16:04 the alert state changes to `Pending` and after 4minutes it changes to `Alerting` which is when alert notifications are sent. Once the series falls back to normal the alert rule goes back to `OK`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can see an example timeline of an alert using the `For` setting. At ~16:04 the alert state changes to `Pending` and after 4 minutes it changes to `Alerting` which is when alert notifications are sent. Once the series falls back to normal the alert rule goes back to `OK`.
```
